Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen
Love makes you do crazy things and in today's film:
one our main characters takes this to the next level
To get what I mean, this is SECRET OBSESSION
So the film starts with Jennifer being chased by
a mysterious man with a knife and after trying to
drive away in her car which is connected to
a white pick up truck through a winch, she
runs away and gets hit by a car and is taken
to a hospital where she has flashbacks of
her husband and the man who was
chasing her breaking into their home.
As she’s being prepped for surgery, we see
man with glasses rush in: this is Russell
Williams, Jennifer’s husband who wants to
know if she remembers what happened to her
since she the accident.
Though he will have to wait for answer as she’s
still in surgery and we see him holding a lighter
that was gifted to him from Jennifer, we then
go to Silverado Canyon, California, where
we follow Detective Page who gets a call and goes
to the rest stop from the beginning of the
film.
Page interviews Russel asking if he knew what
happened on night of the accident and Russel explains
that his wife went out to get groceries for
dinner and he hadn’t gotten a call from
her and with no marital problems since they’re
newlyweds, he has not motive to hurt her and
he doesn’t know why she was at that rest stop that night
So Page doesn’t really get any answers from
him although something that Page says is that
Jennifer’s car went missing that night
Back with Russell, he’s taken to meet with
Jennifer but finds out from a doctor that
due to the accident she’s gotten amnesia
and probably won’t remember her own husband.
And when they meet: She really doesn’t remember
him or anything about the accident that sent
her here or who that man chasing her was.
At the police station, Page interviews the
driver who hit Jennifer and asks him if he
saw anyone or anything else at the crash site.
and the man mentions there was a white pickup truck
with a winch that was pulling a car that disappeared
when the ambulance arrived.
Someone was there, Page is sure of it and he
continues working on the witnesses of the
car crash: including a man in black.
Back with Jennifer and Russel he shows her
a photo album of the times they had together,
and tells her they had worked at the same company and
somewhere along the line he proposed to her
and while Jennifer and Russel are reuniting,
we someone peeking through the window
Though looking at these photos, Jennifer wonders
if her parents called her yet?
And Russel pauses.
It’s kind of weird but then we learn that
her parents died in a fire.
So, it makes sense that he’d be so awkward
about it.
That night, the man in black – Mr. Kahn
arrives with a bouquet and acts
sketchy: he’s not family, just a "concerned
citizen", who wants her to have some flowers.
Which is quite suspicious to say the least
From then on we follow Jennifer as she recovers
from her injuries, going through rehab with
Russell’s help until finally she’s able to check out.
And as she’s checking out, she’s given a cane
and made to sign a document when she pauses.
She can’t seem to remember how to write
her name and when she does, it feels off,
not that it matter since she’s going home
but while in the car, she remembers
looking into a rear view mirror and has a
flashback on that rainy night.
She’s starting to remember what happened
the night of her accident.
Russel and Jennifer drive to a house, where
Jennifer spots wedding photos of her and Russel
and adjusting to whole "being married thing"
Anyway, Russell takes her on a tour of the
home, but when she sees the living room with
the fireplace she remembers the hooded man
plunging a knife near a fireplace.
They continue going on the tour and we find
out that the nearest neighbors are a mile
away and that Jennifer can’t remember the
life they had together.
Once Russel has taken Jennifer upstairs
he gets a call from Detective Page which Jennifer overhears. Page tells him that he hasn't found
the missing car, but one witness,
driving a vintage Cadillac Convertible might
have seen the plates of the white pickup truck.
and Page ends the call saying he
wants to meet with Jennifer tomorrow
to get her statement about what happened that night.
At dinner, Jennifer asks Russel about what’s
happening tomorrow and he lies to her saying
it was work calling him.
When she asks if their company is worried
about her, Russel tells her that she quit
her job shortly after moving out here and
getting married.
So she has no job or parents who ‘care for
her’ what about friends?
Oh yeah, a few though they won’t be calling
or coming by anytime soon.
Which reminds Jennifer that her phone is missing,
and Russel promises that he’ll buy her a new phone
Later that night, the man in black, Mr.
Kahn is visited by Russel who hits him over
the head with a crowbar before he kills him, and as suspicious as Mr. Kahn was he really
was just a concerned citizen but as we find out
someone has a few secrets of there own.
Russel drives back to the house and buries
Mr. Kahn's body in the backyard as Jennifer
wakes up seeing Russel doing something over
there and the next morning, Jennifer spots
a human shaped mound of dirt in the backyard
which makes Jennifer a little suspicious something
because something doesn't smell right about this
Meanwhile, Page finds out that there are hundreds
of people with white pickup trucks and that
Russell has decided not to come in to talk
about the case.
So, Page calls him and tries searching for
his home address and finds out that Russell
Williams had no address in the Silverado Canyon.
So, Page tells a coworker to trace a phone
number as he goes out to the hospital where
Jennifer was at.
He gets Russell’s home address from the
Nurse there and asks her if Russell mentioned
a white pickup truck which he didn’t
and Page goes to the address and finds
out not only is it NOT Russell's address
the people there have never
even heard of Russell Williams
meaning that Russell has lied about his home
address and what makes it even more suspicious
is that the phone number he
gave belongs to a burner phone
Meanwhile, Jennifer checks out her photo album when
she realizes something’s wrong: Russell looks
a little photoshopped in the pictures.
and after struggling to get downstairs since she hasn’t
recovered from the accident she finds that
same photoshop effect on her wedding photo.
and she tries logging into Russell’s computer
using her name as a password but it doesn’t
work and that’s when Russell comes back in and
gives her a phone that doesn’t have any service
That night, Russell tries to get Jennifer
in the mood but she freaks out after having
a flashback again and can’t get into it.
And Russell gets angry with her: Trying to guilt
her into doing "it" and its a strategy that fails
As she settles in for the night, Russell leaves
to go to his study where he spies on Jennifer
through a hidden camera. Huh....
Detective Page meanwhile calls the nurse,
asking for surveillance footage from the night
Jennifer was admitted to the hospital, hoping
to find a white pickup truck with a winch.
She sends him the footage and after getting
asked how Russell confirmed his identity as
Jennifer’s husband, we find out he did this
by showing some family photos along with identifying
a back tattoo on Jennifer, one
that looks like a stylish A.
When Page checks out the footage not only
does he spot the pickup truck but he also
sees Russell get out of the pickup truck before
heading inside the hospital.
Seems likes Russell’s is a big fat liar. But why?
Later the next day, Page hits up a tattoo
artist and asks about the tattoo on Jennifer’s
back which the artist recognizes as a heritage
tattoo referring to the family surname “Allen”.
and it’s an exact match for Jennifer’s tattoo
and  when he puts her unmarried name
in the database – Jennifer Allen
he finds her parents’ home address which
has been abandoned for a while and
inside Page finds a room with the rotting
bodies of Jennifer’s parents.
We then see Jennifer running away from the
man with the knife before she wakes up.
And as Russell takes a shower and prepares for
the day, Jennifer goes through Russell’s
pockets finding his wallet which doesn’t
have any ID and hides it.
After sending him on an errand for groceries,
he leaves and locks the door behind him and
Jennifer finds her old ID card with her maiden name: Jennifer Allen
Before she manages to pick the
lock and escape the room
Page investigates Russell and Jennifer’s
old company, and finds out that the man he
met, is not Jennifer’s husband but is in
fact Ryan Gaerity a coworker of Jennifer and
the real Russel, Jennifer’s actual husband who
left a note for Jennifer in her old desk before
he disappeared.
While at the same time, Jennifer finds evidence that
“Russell” or Ryan as I will call him from now on
faked his photos and finds the real ones on his
computer after using her real name as a password.
Then Jennifer’s memory of what happened that
night of the accident returns and she realizes
that the hooded man was Ryan. So she's trapped here with no way to contact anyone as there's no wifi
and her phone has no ception since Ryan messed up the
phone and after falling nearby the corpse in the yard.
Ryan hits her on the head, taking her inside where he forces her to take some medication and ties her up
after she reveals she that she knows Ryan isn’t her
husband although doesn’t know his real name.
Ryan leaves to get lye and runs into the nurse who reveals that Detective Page is onto him
Ryan drives off in a rush and returns home
as Jennifer wakes up from the meds and escapes
her bindings, making it to the kitchen to
wrap her hurting ankle in tape, before going
into the car in the garage where she finds
her old phone.
Just as Ryan comes home and we find out that
he left the real Russel’s body in Jennifer’s car
and Jennifer sneaks her way back to the room,
hiding the phone just in time for Ryan to
come in who gets distracted as Detective Page
has come by to ask some questions.
When Page comes to the house, he finds that
it belongs to Ryan and also finds the white
pickup truck, confirming his suspicions that Ryan had
something to do with the accident as Jennifer comes
downstairs to try and get his help, Ryan knocks
out Page and locks Jennifer up in her room
binding her to the bedframe revealing that
he’s a stalker with a crush whose been studying
her for a long time, ever since they worked
together,and he killed her parents and Russell.
and he WAS originally going to kill her but since
she lost her memory, he could now have her
all to himself and that  what
his secret obsession was all about.
Ryan then goes to dispose of some evidence
including that of Page who is stuck in a ice
chest as Jennifer burns through her bindings
with the real Russell’s lighter – the lighter
that was stolen by Ryan and that we see
in the earlier in the film and she escapes.
Running into the woods trying to call
someone with her old phone as Ryan chases
after her armed with a gun and as Page finally
manages to escape from the chest.
After a long chase and a fight between Ryan
and Page who disarms Ryan, Jennifer shoots
Ryan with his own gun. Killing him
We then fast forward 3 months later and Jennifer
comes to visit Page to thank for his help
and to say goodbye as he’s moving.
But before he leaves, Page gives Jennifer
the thing that Russell, the real one, left
in her desk and the movie ends with her reading
a love letter dedicated to her by Russel. The End
With that being said, thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen.
If you enjoyed the video, leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated  on my latest uploads
Until next time, I'll be watching